okay I need the koch's here well maybe
you guys got a drama project NTU and you
guys hit yourself a lift the rental
store here it is I got you know what is
this for five pieces just get it all
over in you're like I have a simple the
super thing well as men while since I've
done it too so let's see if like a
member may I help you guys out here
okay there you go all right as you can
see it's ready to bring your sheet rock
up and you can't pivot things to tell
the walls to click on the backside flip
this up and that's what these here for -
so you sit down there and lift it on up
if you have a tall walls this house here
I've got walls a little bit taller so
that's going to help them when they just
do the ceiling and it seems to Jim for
doing that so ascendency just rolls up
and you get a real snug up in place
perfect and then it has release on the
backside there not much to it
all right guys good luck with your dry
wall project thanks for watching